
1. Introduction

Twitch.TV VOD Catchup is a Python script that automatically downloads the latest VOD's of you favorite channels.  Simply
define which channels you VOD titles you wish to download on a regular basis in the configuration file and run the application.
This will download all VOD's that match your search criteria and place them in separate folders for each channel.  The
downloaded VOD's will be in FLV format which can be played by a variety of different applications including VLC.

2. Configuration

Configuration is managed by a JSON format file.  At present it contains the following parameters:

shows -

This section defines which shows from which channels you want to download.
They must be entered in the following format ("CHANNEL_NAME" : ["SHOW_NAME"], ["SHOW_NAME"]) a trailing comma must be present on all but
the last line.
Show names will match on any substrings so "Inside" will match on "Inside the Game" and the matching is case insensitive
e.g.
"shows" : {   "onemoregametv":["Inside The Game", "Live On Three"], (Will download all VOD's titles Inside the Game and Live on Three
                                                                    on the channel onemoregametv)
                              "complexity":   ["The Executives"],     (Will download all VOD's titled The Executives on the channel complexity)
                              "thegdstudio":  ["*"] (Will download all VOD's on the channel thegdstudio)
}

database - 
Defines the name of the database that stores the list of the shows that have already been downloaded so when the program is run
twice it doesn't download the same episodes again.

results_count - 
Defines how many previous VOD's per channel when querying Twitch.TV.  Use a higher value when you want VOD's that are further in the past.
NOTE: any number above 50 will be ignored due to a limitation with the Twitch.TV API

3. How to Run the Application
If you have downloaded a Windows executable version of the application then it should be as simple as editing the configuration
file to suit your tastes and running the application.

If you have a python installation and wish to check out the source code then before running copy and modify the settings.json
file in the conf directory into the bin directory and execute the program via $ python TwitchTV_VOD_Catchup.py 

4. Notes
 - VOD's on Twitch.TV are limited to two hours in length.  As a result if the VOD is over two hours in length two (or more)
files will be downloaded and their part numbers appended to the filename so you can differentiate the file parts.